then got married that's so you don't get
sick girl it was a I guess when he was a
senior girl a little bit of soft power
Thank You through your after we got
divorced I got back together
smile for the camera bud okay are you
looking happy and sure we'll get to
those teeth yet when we're away
how's he been doing I'm pretty good
he's had some issues with the eyes head
like glue some wet redness in them and
it's a sealed up so I hung up a face any
or no we have a lot of them with a lot
of allergic type reactions just here a
lot of running eyes and it changed some
of the cat sneezing I can still hear the
hardener no I know I can't hear very
well when you're doing I have a little
bit made less notice
growling machine works just fine back in
here okay
tell me Tara show him his movies huh
mm-hmm
that's plenty of them what does he think
about oh I forgot he has his website a
mayor again face voters water bunny on
YouTube all right short of the dental
disease because he doesn't brush and
floss you come back here come back here
let's do this
just just turn around here towards the
dad face the music your key
I've never seen a YouTube page
are you happy now